Intro

Many times looking for a house with specific characteristics can take awhile to discover. However, this project’s aim is to shorten the time a person’s time for house searching. Software with these capabilities could bring pleasant concievence and possibly change the real-estate industry as well. 
	Neural networks have been practically applied within multiple problems. For instance, they have been utilized to detect credit card fraud. In addition, they also have been used in classifying cursive handwriting in software applications. Both examples and more reveal that neural networks have great potential for solving classification problems.1
	In an article by Citylab, the value of square footage has drastically changed based on the location of the residency. Although suburban homes typically have more square footage than urban ones, the prices of urban have slightly increased overtime. With the graphs provided by the article, the prices that of rural houses are far less than residencies in urban areas. Statistics and graphs from the article reveal a truth that regions of a house largely affect the property value of the residence.
The function of the neural network is to accurately differentiate the location of a house based on the given parameters. The neural network is considered successful if it is able to accurately determine the location of the house with a 70% success rate. The overall goal of the project is for a user to provide desirable house characteristics and to be returned a location of their desirable house. 
In setting up the environment, install python 3.7.1 and the libraries pandas, numpy, sci-kit learn, seaborn. Gather the data from website Zillow and randomly select twenty-five houses for each location Orange County, CA; Dallas County, TX; Madison County, AL; and Brooklyn, NY. Parameters of the neural network are the number of bedrooms, the number of bathrooms, the pricing, and the square footage.

1 Ahire, Jayesh Bapu. “Real World Applications of Artificial Neural Networks.” Medium. Medium, April 10, 2018. httpsmedium.com@jayeshbahirereal-world-applications-of-artificial-neural-networks-a6a6bc17ad6a.
2 Florida, Richard. “The Incredible Rise of Urban Real Estate.” CityLab. The Atlantic Monthly Group, February 25, 2016. httpswww.citylab.comequity201602rise-of-urban-real-estate470748 .